Module-17 : Introduction to JavaScript

	17.1 : Introduction to JavaScript , Run javascript in VScode

		 here we learn about the javascript . the history of the javascript programming language . how javascript programming language works . is the javascript is a complied language or the interpreted language . what is the core working of javascript . why we use thew javascript programming language . how to usw the javascript programming language . the core engines of the javascript . and what is the first name of the javascript . that mean total history of the javascript language . after that we learn about how to learn javascript . in the browser , in the vscode and codepen . many more about the javascript .


	17.2 : Maths Needed to start learning Programming Language

		 here we learn how math is important in the programming . like we have to know some mathematical terms . such as , 
		 1 . number : positive , negative and 0
		 2 . integer : 2 ,3,4 ,even ,odd 
		 3 . float : 9.07
		 4 . operation : +,-,*,/
		 5 . more operation : % []
		 6 . percentage : 5%
		 7 . sum:
		 8 . avg
		 9 . max/min 
		 10 . series 
		 11 . area : triangle , square ,circle etc
		 12 . permutation and combination
		 13 . charts ,graph,cartesian 
		 14 . axises
		 15 . basic algebra
		 
		 and many more things . we can get these from the google by searching like basic maths . thats mean we need some of the basic mathematics in the javascript programming language . 


	17-3 : What is a variable, five things you need to declare a variable

		here we learn about the variable . what is variable . we learn five things to declare a variable : 
		1 . variable name 
		2 . name 
		3 . equal sign 
		4 . value 
		5 . semi colon
		

		here we learn how variable work . why we have to declare variable .how to declare the variable . again how we can re declare variable value . 


	17.4 : Variable Animated Video

		 here we see the variable and understand the variable using a animated video . a variable can store the value in the computer memory with the name and the value address . 
		 var is a keyword . var cant store anything outside the type . we can change the value or redeclare the value .

		 again we learn about the let keyword . here let can store anything or any data type . not only the specific data type . we can change the value and redeclare the value.

		 again we can get to know about the const . where we can not change the value of the variable .

	
	17.5 : Variable data types, Numeric, String, Boolean

		 here we get to know how to declare a alphabetical value of a variable . for this we have to write a string value inside a double quotation . so there are many type of data types like ...
		 1 . String {alphabetical value of a variable . for this we have to write a string value inside a double quotation .}
		 2 . boolean {
			here we have to use true or false value . no need to use the double quotation and lowercase .
		 }

		 N.B : here we can see the variable type but typing the typeof  syntax and it will tell me what the data type is .

		 3 . there are many more type of data type in the javascript .

	17.6 : JavaScript Keyword, Variable name naming convention

		 there we five most basic type of data such as 
		 1 . string 
		 2 . numbers 
		 3 . booleans
		 4 . undefined 
		 5 . null  

		 rules for the variable name declaration : 

		 1 . no keyword in variable name
		 2 . no space or gap in variable name 
		 3 .  no quotation 
		 4 . can not start with a number  but number other than the first letter is allowed . 
		 5 .  name is case sensitive

		 6 . write a long variable name {
			1 . underscore or snake case
			2 . second word first alphabet uppercase or camel case
			3 . every word first alphabet could be uppercase or pascal case
		 }

		 7 . keyword is case sensitive 

		 8 . can not ue any character 


	17.7 : Know the fundamentals of JS Numbers

		 here we get to know that we should not have write number in the quotation . as javascript take it as the string value .  again we learn about the purse keyword .  here we can convert a string or string to number or anything conversion can be done using the parse .again we learn about the tofixed keyword . it confirmed us it convert a define number like 1.12 whereas it is 1.1234.

	17.8 : Introduction to arithmetic operators

		 here we learn about the operators .addition , subtraction , multiplication , division , modulus .

	17.9 : Mathematical operation shorthand

		here we learn another thing called exponential .we learn some of the shorthands .
		another thing we learn called concatenation .here we learn concat of javascript .concat works in the addition not in the subtraction or multiplication or division .

	17.10 : Module Summary and Practice Task

		here we get to know why javascript is needed . mainly interactive . again javascript is a high level and interpreted language . it dynamically update content . control media . 
		again we learn about the variable . variable is a contain3r of data value . there is some type of data type . like string , number , boolean , null and undefine . we learn some of the keyword of the javascript . again we  learn naming convention . we learn about the NaN .. this is called not a number . we learn about the isNaN ...