Module-21 : Fundamental concepts of Functions

    21.1 : What are function and function syntax

        here we learn about the function . function used for reusability and readability .

        function is a block of code . or a set of statement that perform a task when it called . main relationship between input and output .

        the structure of function declaration...
        function functionName (argument/parameter{
            executable code

            return;
        }

        function can be call like this ....
        functionName (argument/parameter);

    20.2 : Function Intro with animation

        function in javascript is a thing that can perform a specific task when it is called . 

        function can console log 
        and also it will return the actual output .

    20.3 : Function parameter, handle multiple parameters

        here we get to know about the parameter . parameter is a function can take value from the outside the function and work with that value . so if we called a function who has a parameter we have to send the value of a that specific functions parameter . and that parameter value will work in the function . parameter can be single or multiple . 

        when we will call a function we have to give a exact number of parameter that the function could hold . not the less not the more . the exact number of parameter the function can hold in the parameter .

    20.4 : How Function works and argument vs parameters

        there is a little difference between arguments and parameter . parameter is when we create a function and use a parameter of that function . that is call parameter . and when we call the function using some value . those values are called arguments . 

        again we can send variable name as a arguments . we can send function as a argument , we can send values in arguments . 

    20.5 : Function return and set return value to a variable

        return is a     keyword that says the function code is over . there will be no coding in this area  and it also return the result of the function . like what is the result or what is the outcome of the function execution code it will be result to the main part using the return keyword . 

        we can store the calling of the function in a variable and then we can print the variable so that we can see the output . 
        so we can say that a variable can store the value of a function or the return value of a function . 

    20.6 : Recap and conditional return of odd and even

        argument passing works as maintaining the sequence . and return will return the value of functions works . 
        return can return as it can do anything returning the values . 

        return also works according to the conditions . 

    20.7 : Different types of parameters for a function

        parameter can be number , string , boolean , array or can be object .  


    20.8 : Sum of all numbers in an array using function

        her we  learn how we can write function step by step . such as ...

        objective : wht is the goal to write the function 
        step 1 : declare the function 
        step 2 : call check whether the function is called properly 
        step 3 : set a parameter(s)
        step 4 : pass the parameter (s) and check whether parameter is passed is a proper format  
        step 5 : do the function tasks (step by step)

    20.9: Return all the even numbers of an array

        here we just get to know how we can find out the even numbers and sum of even number using the function . 

    20.10 : Function Summary and Practice Tasks

        here we recapping our modules . during the module we learn about the function . we learn what is function . after that we get to know about functions parameter and argument . what is the parameter and what is the arguments . and after that we get to know about the return keyword . what we can do using the return keyword and how to do that return of the function value . we can do any thing inside the function . 

        function is a block of code . and maintain relation between output and input .

        there is some parts of function ...
        1 . function keyword 
        2 . function name 
        3 . parameter list 
        4 . function body 
        5 . return keyword
        6 . function call 
        7 . arguments list  

        there could be 4 type of condition of function ...
        1 . has return & has parameter
        2 . no return & has parameter
        3 . has return & no parameter
        4 . no return & parameter








