Module-22 : JavaScript simple coding problems part - 1

    22.1 : JS Concepts recap and var, let, and const

        here we get to know about the variable . there is 3 type of variable ....
        1 . var ---> we wont use that
        2 . const ---> constant . cant not be change
        3 . let ---> changeable.

        variable can be different types ... such as ...
        1 . number 
        2 . string 
        3 . boolean 
        4 . undefine 
        5 . null
        6 . object
        7 . array

        there is 2 type of category of variable ...
        1 . primitive ---> number , string , boolean , undefine , null
        2 . non primitive ---> array and object 

        N.B: array is a object but it works differently 

        again we get to know about the conditionals . 
        1 . >
        2 . <
        3 . >=
        4 . <=
        5 . ===
        6 . !==
        7 . &&
        8 . ||

        to use the condition we have to use the if(){}else{}

        again we get to know about the array . array can be string , number , object , function , boolean . array's index start from the 0 .
        there is something about the array like ... push , pop , unshift , shift , include , plit , slice , splice and many more 

        again we get to know about the loop . we will use the for of and its recommended . 
        1 . for 
        2 . while 
        3 . for of 
        4 . for in
        5 . foreach
        6 . do while

        related to loops ..
        1 . break
        2 . continue


        here we get to know about the object .
        object hold property and value . object can hold ... string , number , boolean , array , object . object can be access by dot notation and bracket notation . 

        here we get to know about the function . structure ..

        function functionName (){
            code
            return
        }
        call function 
        
        const can be hold string , number , boolean and array . if we use the const we cannot change it leter . but we can push pop value of array . 

        let can be change . 

    22.2 : Unit Convert Inch to Feet, miles to kilometer

        problem solving 

    22.3 : Check whether a year is a Leap Year or not

        problem solving

    20.4 : Calculate the average of the odd numbers in an array

        problem solving

    20.5 : Remove duplicate items from an array

        problem solving

    20.6 : Math, abs, round, ceil, floor, and random number

        here we get to know about the Math . here we can do the min and max using the math function . and using that we cna find out the min and max . and math is a function. using the math function we can do so many math functions like , min , max , abs  , pi , sqrt2  and many more ..again we learn about the round , floor , ceiling . 
        again we learn about random number . this random number generate random numbers. 

    20.7 : A Simple introduction to JS Date and time

        we can set date using the new Date(); function . using that we can get the current dates . 
        but if want to access some date which is a string it can be written inside the data function parameter . but there is a problem in that . if we use string as a date we have to access using the month's index number and days index number . 

        we can get the month and day .  using the index number . but if is a number value we can access it using the proper index number . so if we set the month it will take it as a index number not the actual thing . we can set a exact moth using the setMonth() function . 
        if we want to see that as an string . we can use the toLocaleString() function . 

        to see the date as an actual style like in a USA style or bangladeshi style we have use en-GB inside the tolocalestring() function . 

        here we get to know about some month to second conversion . using the unix epoc . 

    20.8 : Swap variable, swap without temp, destructing

        here we use a temp . do store a value and then change the value and then set the temp value to the another . using that we can to the swapping . 

        we can use destructure to swap the variable . 





         





        

        


    